Roderigo


I need to woo desdemona, a task i have thus far failed 

many times have i gone and called to her and many times was i refused

her father Barbantio, a senator has refused to give up his daughter for he thinks of me as a rich fellow who is idle 

without Bartantios word i have no chance of suceeding with my attempts at desdemonas hand

as i speak that moor is making his move on my desdemona 

why wont she love me i have money and looks yet she pines for the moor
that hateful moor whose skin is the color of the earth and his voice is that of a demon 

He is a beast and yet he has what i do not 

he must use witchcraft and magic for no beast such as him can entrap such a beautiful maidens as my desdemona 

he is a coward for he knows his magic can only work on one as innocent as desdemona for his witchcraft would have no effect on somreone as strong as barbantio

as he is wooing desdemona he is playing her father for a fool

to her father the moor is a one who plays a vital role in the military and he speaks to him with familiarity yet he hides his relationship like a coward for he knows that Barbantio will see the truth.

my friend iago is a person who serves under the beast yet he says nothing about the matter as if he knows nothing 

he who i paid to help me in my endeavor has done nothing, perhaps he thinks of betraying me for the moor as he wants the moors favor 

Iago an honest fellow, one  who wouldnt betray anybody especially one who gives him such reign over their wallet

I pay iago and he doesnt even tell me anything

I need iago word on why the truth eludes me for i will cut my ties with him if i find him to be a snake.


Can i trust iago?

am i sure that i can trust him?

I need to pay attention for him. 

Even he says, there is a probability that he is laying 

But i cnoot do anything, and i just can hear what he says. 

Everything is for Desdemona. 

If it goes successfully, there is my goal. 

But What iago thinks about Desdemona?

i do not known if Iago has some relation with her, but i can know it later. 

Just hear what he Says. 

And what am i thinking about desdemona?

I cannot understand what Iago is thinking.

i cannot understand what Iago wants.

I cannot understand why Iago chose someone like me.

While i cannot understand what he thinks about, i cannot do anything. 


iago is my friend yet i am starting to think otherwise

i pay him but i do not know what he does

i need him to show me what he has done

i need proof of his aid

i need barbantios favor 

barbantio wont accept the relationship

desdemona is so beautiful 

maybe i should go to barbantio house 

i should attempt to woo desdemona again 

Iago wont betray me for i have given him so much wealth for his aid


Iago stayed as my friend for long years, and now i need to trust him

But I am worrying about that he is just using me as he wants. 

Through seeing how iago talks, i decided to do what he says, and i will see what happen. 

Iago s idea is not bad, however, is making some sense. 

The first reason of why I believe him is because of the reality on what he says. 

The second reason of why I believe him is because of friendness.

The last reason is because i want do how he says, if i can reach to have Desdemona. 

Desdemona is too valuable comparing to othello. 

I cannot be agreed that they stay close each other. 







